Features library page (#1152)
plausible/website: _articles/features.md

---
layout: article
title: "What you can do with Plausible"

> description: "Explore Plausible Analytics features for real-time reporting, audience segmentation and AI traffic analytics."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Explore what you can do with Plausible Analytics and discover features built to answer real questions about your website traffic."
```

That means you’ll find capabilities in Plausible that aren’t always easy to find elsewhere, [without the complexity](/simple-web-analytics) that usually comes with more powerful analytics.

## AI traffic analytics

Track and analyze real visits your website gets from AI assistants like ChatGPT, Claude, Perplexity, Gemini, etc. See which pages attract clicks, how well they engage and whether those visitors complete business goals like signing up or purchasing.

[![Plausible Analytics dashboard filtered by the AI Assistants channel](/uploads/ai-traffic-analytics.png "AI traffic analytics in Plausible")](/track-ai-traffic)

**[Explore AI traffic analytics →](/track-ai-traffic)**

## Audience segmentation

Filter your analytics by source, page, location, device, goal and more. Combine filters and save useful segments to answer specific questions about your visitors.

[![Audience segmentation in the Plausible Analytics dashboard](/uploads/plausible-visitor-segmentation.png "Audience segmentation in Plausible Analytics")](/audience-segmentation)

**[Explore audience segmentation →](/audience-segmentation)**

## Real-time web analytics

> See what's happening on your website right now, where the traffic is coming from, which pages are being viewed, which goals are being met, etc. Follow launches, campaigns, traffic spikes, etc., as they happen.

Author: ```suggestion
See what's happening on your website right now, where the traffic is coming from, which pages are being viewed, which goals are being met, etc. Follow launches, campaigns, traffic spikes, etc., as they are happening.
```
